KYP-389: Add V2 docs (#11)
Metrilo/custom-integration: README.md

# Metrilo custom integration (API v2)

> :warning: If you have integrated with the previous version of our API, the guide has been moved [here](api_v1.md). 

Reviewer: No need for a warning. We're trying to focus our clients to the latest version and just give a chance for existing ones to figure out how to implement. Emphasise on the lates API. Do not scare people with warnings.

:information_source: If you decide to follow along, you'll end up with some resources that you (most probably) won't use in the future. However, that's perfectly fine - after you're done testing, you can just ping us and we'll reset your project to a pristine state.

Once you've [signed up for a Metrilo account](https://app.metrilo.com/signup), navigate to the `Settings -> Installation` page in your [Metrilo project](https://app.metrilo.com) and keep your `API Token` and `API Secret` handy - you'll need them for the rest of this tutorial:

![](images/api-token.png)

Now you need to import your shop's resources into Metrilo - categories, products, customers, orders. Then you can start registering actions on them - views, adds to cart, new orders.

Let's create a category, a product and a customer.
We'll assume that: 
- the current time (in milliseconds since 1970) is `1518004715732`
- the API token of your Metrilo project is `sh0p-t0k3n`
- the API secret of your Metrilo project is `m3trilo-secr3t`

> :information_source: Metrilo API uses a custom `X-Digest` header, which is a HMAC-SHA256 digest generated by using the request body string as the message and your Metrilo API secret as the key. You have to generate separate digest for every resource call you make. 

Reviewer 2: 1) `an` HMAC-SHA256. 
2) ...You have to generate `a` separate digest...

:information_source: If you decide to follow along, you'll end up with some resources that you (most probably) won't use in the future. However, that's perfectly fine - after you're done testing, you can just ping us and we'll reset your project to a pristine state.

Once you've [signed up for a Metrilo account](https://app.metrilo.com/signup), navigate to the `Settings -> Installation` page in your [Metrilo project](https://app.metrilo.com) and keep your `API Token` and `API Secret` handy - you'll need them for the rest of this tutorial:

![](images/api-token.png)

Now you need to import your shop's resources into Metrilo - categories, products, customers, orders. Then you can start registering actions on them - views, adds to cart, new orders.

Let's create a category, a product and a customer.
We'll assume that: 
- the current time (in milliseconds since 1970) is `1518004715732`
- the API token of your Metrilo project is `sh0p-t0k3n`
- the API secret of your Metrilo project is `m3trilo-secr3t`

> :warning: v2 of the Metrilo API uses a custom `X-Digest` header, which is a HMAC-SHA256 digest generated by using the request body string as the message and your Metrilo API secret as the key. You have to generate separate digest for every resource call you make. 

Reviewer: Lets drop `v2` from here. `Metrilo API` will be the latest version, all others previous ones will have a version number metioned. Make it easy for customers to integrate with the latest, and say it like there are no other APIs. We want customers to integrate and use the latest.
```suggestion
: information_source: Metrilo API uses a custom `X-Digest` header, which is a HMAC-SHA256 digest generated by using the request body string as the message and your Metrilo API secret as the key. You have to generate separate digest for every resource call you make. 
```

When they submit the order, you'll need to send the order event from your backend:

```bash
$ echo -n '{"time": 1518004715732, "token": "sh0p-t0k3n", "params": {"id": "314", "createdAt": "1518004715732", "email": "johnybravo@gmail.com", "amount": "10.42", "status": "completed", "products": [{"productId": "2", "quantity": 1 } ] } }' | openssl dgst sha256 -hmac 'm3trilo-secr3t'
4401f8a26f2d2bf86df5354a8f7213464dd3da8368cf381af5494d518ba291c1

$ curl -X POST https://trk.mtrl.me/v2/order" -i -H "Content-Type: text/plain" -H "X-Digest: 4401f8a26f2d2bf86df5354a8f7213464dd3da8368cf381af5494d518ba291c1" -d '{"time": 1518004715732, "token": "sh0p-t0k3n", "params": {"id": "314", "createdAt": "1518004715732", "email": "johnybravo@gmail.com", "amount": "10.42", "status": "completed", "products": [{"productId": "2", "quantity": 1 } ] } }'

```

And that's it! Now when all events are processed by Metrilo, they will be attributed to the `johnybravo@gmail.com` user. You can check that out in the `Customer Database` tab in your [Metrilo project](https://app.metrilo.com).

:information_source: Please allow for up to several minutes for all events to be processed.

> :information_source: If all backend  calls return 200 and you're missing events - double check your input data.

Reviewer 2: Extra space here

## API reference

Our API documentation is written according to the [OpenAPI Specification](https://swagger.io/docs/specification/about/). You can find all of the endpoints the Metrilo API serves and what parameters they require [here](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/metrilo/api/2.0.0).

> :information_source: The base url for each request is `https://trk.mtrl.me/v2`. Don't forget that you need to add your Metrilo `API token` as a `token` parameter in the request body.

Reviewer 2: Another option you have is to push tags for the corresponding versions instead of duplicating the whole thing - so that you could just switch what version you're viewing in Github. A lot of gems are written this way

Author: @evgeni-spasov-metrilo what do you think about this one?

Author: In that case, what will happen if we have to update the API v1 docs?

Reviewer: We'll have to branch-off v1 if we need to security fix it. Let the versions live their own live in separate files for now. If they get too many, we can always move to tags.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, that's a fair point. Let it be

All calls to these endpoints have to be done from your backend - therefore, we don't provide any specific code examples as the implementation is bound to your backend logic and programming language.

> :warning: Each backend call except `/customer` **must** be sent with additional custom header called `X-Digest`, which is a HMAC-SHA256 digest generated by using the request body string as the message and your Metrilo API secret as the key. [This list](https://github.com/danharper/hmac-examples) provides great examples in different programming languages, which can help you with the implementation. 

Reviewer: Use :information_source: `:information_source:`. Don't scare users with warnings. The worst thing that can happen is that they'll receive an authentication error and if they can't figure it out, we have support to contact.

> :information_source: Each backend call except `/customer` **must** be sent with additional custom header called `X-Digest`, which is a HMAC-SHA256 digest generated by using the request body string as the message and your Metrilo API secret as the key. [This list](https://github.com/danharper/hmac-examples) provides great examples in different programming languages, which can help you with the implementation. 

Reviewer 2: 1) ...be sent with `an` additional header
2) ...which is `an` HMAC-SHA256

:warning: The order stated above is important, because orders are dependent on customers and products (which are in turn dependent on categories). An order won't be imported if Metrilo doesn't know about the customer or the product.

> :warning: The `X-Digest` header **must** be used here as well. 

Reviewer: :information_source: `:information_source:`
